README.md, before:

MITRE CTF Scoreboard
--------------------

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard?branch=master)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard)

An application for running a jeopardy-style Capture the Flag competition.

### Automated Emails ###

Automated emails can be setup by adding
`min hour * * * /bin/bash -l -c 'cd /path/to/registration-app && RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake email:automated_email --silent'`
where `min`, `hour`, and `path/to/registration-app` are replaced with the values you prefer. 
If the project is being hosted on Heroku a daily task can be created using the Heroku Scheduler to run `rake email:automated_email`

Commit message:

improve README (#121)
* [WIP] improve README

- add installation
- change description
- add license

* Update README.md

Tested install order and found out that postgres has to be installed before running a bundle install. Also fixed bundler gem name.

README.md, after:

MITRE CTF Scoreboard
--------------------

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard?branch=master)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard)

MITRE CTF Scoreboard is a fully featured CTF platform with scoreboard and registration application built with Ruby on Rails. It is used for MITRE Capture the Flag competition website.

### Deployment ###

+ Install ruby.
+ In your terminal run `gem install bundler`
+ Install postgres to your system (and create a role with your system username). This can be done on mac using Homebrew by running `brew install postgresql`.
+ Run `bundle install`
+ Run `bundle exec rake db:create`
+ Run `bundle exec rake db:schema:load`
+ Run `bundle exec rake db:seed`
+ Run `bundle exec rails s`
+ Open the webpage shown in your terminal from the last command in your browser.
+ Login to the registration app `http://localhost:3000` as email: `root@root.com`, password: `ChangeMe123` or email: `ctf@mitre.org`, password: `Test123456` and change the password.
+ Access the administration panel at `http://localhost:3000` to configure the application.

**Note**: for specific deployment steps check the [wiki](https://github.com/mitre-cyber-academy/ctf-scoreboard/wiki/Installation).

### Automated Emails ###

Automated emails can be setup by adding
`min hour * * * /bin/bash -l -c 'cd /path/to/ctf-scoreboard && RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake email:automated_email --silent'`
where `min`, `hour`, and `path/to/ctf-scoreboard` are replaced with the values you prefer. 
If the project is being hosted on Heroku a daily task can be created using the Heroku Scheduler to run `rake email:automated_email`

### License ###

This application is licensed under [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE).
